# YouTube Video Transcript

This has been an exceptionally cold extended period. That windchill right now is four below. >> Gone is the covering of fluffy white powder replaced by the sludge right there. >> New York City, one of the most beautiful cities in the world. A city that's beauty is only intensified by snowfall. I want to be with you. See when the skies are blue. That's kind of awesome. >> But few show what the city looks like after a snowstorm. This video, this is about the scum that covers the whole city every time after it snows. Everybody, especially on social media, loves to talk about how beautiful snow is in the city, >> but no one talks about what happens after the snow stops falling. >> It's horrendous. It is disgusting. And it gets dirty and accumulates every bit of yellow and filth in the city. That is poop. That is something green. Perhaps vomit. That's dog pee. This is dog pee. >> Dog pee. Pee. More. More pee. That's pee right there. >> You know, unfortunately, as a New Yorker, you get immune to this stuff, but it's it's just not ideal. Yeah. You see a lot of it everywhere. You know what I mean? Imagine you got beautiful city hall right here and uh you got the the garbage about 100 ft away. The city and sanitation workers have been doing an excellent job getting the snow off the streets, but it's an exercise in futility. We're supposed to get more snow this weekend. Beyond the filth left behind by stagnant snowfall, there's there's another issue. You see, New York City sidewalks are crowded anyways. But when you have the snow plows pushing the snow in from the street and then the shovelers pushing the snow off the sidewalk, it narrows down where you can walk, creating sort of a little rat maze that you have to shuffle through navigating the snow, the street, and then the narrow paved area. This area in particular behind me here, that's the Brooklyn Bridge. And then over here, you've got city hall. This is a hightra area yet there's just these little paths. Can I have a photo? >> Yeah, sure. >> Oh my god. >> Quick, quick, quick. >> Yo, thank you. >> Yeah, let's take you guys. I wonder if this guy's just going to wait till spring to get his car out. This car is totally trapped. Totally trapped. You see the the trash and the snow combined to be this one trash snow like substance. It just covers the whole city. So much garbage. So much garbage. Garbage everywhere. Just so much garbage. Just garbage. Garbage. Trash, trash, trash, trash. What's good? >> Yo, what's good? Huge fans. What's up, man? Casey, >> I'm making a video about all the trash that covers the city after a snowstorm. >> Oh my god, it's awful. Can we get a photo with you? >> Yeah, of course. >> The snowstorms can make it particularly difficult to get a city bike onto the street. How often does it snow more than a foot or 30 cm in New York City? >> In New York City, we get more than a foot, 30 cm of snow roughly once every 2 to three winters based on long-term averages. Major dumps like that hit maybe 3 to five times a decade. >> Three to five times like this a decade. Right now, on January 30th, 2026, New York City is in the middle of an ongoing streak where daily high temperatures haven't gotten above freezing, 32° F in Central Park. Reports show it's already hit 9 straight days as of January 30th, with forecast pushing it toward 12 or more, making this the longest such cold snap since 2003 and nearly a decade for anything close to this. It's been 23 years since the last time it was this cold for this long and we got a foot of snow. >> Slipping on the sidewalks trudging through like 6 ft of snow. Like it's crazy. Snow boots on. >> Does it change your feelings towards New York City? >> Uh, no. Because there's so much that this city has to offer that you kind of have to just accept that with it, you know? I'm in my office editing my New York City snow garbage video. Just so you know, I'm not exaggerating. Let me just show you what it looks like outside of my office. Wait, that guy's waving. How you doing? Okay, this is outside of my office when I look out the window. Trash. I don't mind this. Even with like the dog pee everywhere and the dog poop everywhere and the garbage and the snow and the ice all mixing together, it just makes the city like a little harder to live in. I don't mind this because like what is it? The hotter the fire, the harder the steel. Like when spring hits, this whole city celebrates and I think you have to put up with this to appreciate it when it's warm and great. I was filming and I just stepped in this dog right here. Fresh snowy dog.